# Exam-Game
This is a small game made for our programming class.
<br>
A combination of the idle genre with strategic elements using Hexagons.

### Game explained
Something ../

## Specifications we set for ourselves while creating it:
What we envision the game to end up like.

### Environment:
> **Map Description:** A set sized map, consisting of hexagonal tiles. Player starts by owning one tile ../

> **Tiles:**
> * Forest
> * Grass
> * Ice
> * Snow
> * Sand
> * Mountain
> * Water
> * Village
> * Treasure
> 
> Tiles are hexagonal ../

### Player: 

> The player ../
 
> **Movement:** Player is able to move by buying tiles adjacent to already owned tiles using cash.

> **City Management:** By clicking on owned tiles, purchaseable upgrades and perks are shown, as well as game stats.

> **Interactions:** Upgrades and perks can be bought if the player has enough cash. The player can move by expanding into normal or enemy tiles, by interacting with said tiles.

> **Upgrades:** Upgrades are used for ../ <br>
> * 

> **Perks:** Perks are used for ../ <br>
> * 
 
### Enemy:

> Different enemy bases spawn around player base. Difficulty relative to enemy bases beaten. Enemy tiles have a red outline. They do not contain Population, Cash, Military or Happiness like the player.<br> 

> **Movement:** Enemies move to an adjacent tile, towards the player, after a set amount of time in relation to their difficulty. Easier enemies move slowly in a straight line, while harder move faster in formation.

> **Interacting:** The player may interact with the enemy tiles by clicking and seeing a timer for their next move. The player can also expand into an enemy tile if they have enough military.

### Time:

> Different values are generated over time, e.g. every game tick.

> **Population:** Generated for the player, depending on amount of tiles, happiness and upgrades. <br>
> Population is used to expand military. If population reaches 0, you lose. <br>
> High population (relative to amount of tiles) = More money, less happiness <br>
> Low population (relative to amount of tiles) =  Less money, more happiness

> **Cash:** Generated by owned tiles over time, depending on number of tiles, upgrades and happiness. <br>
> Cash is used for upgrades, perks and buying adjacent tiles to expand.

> **Military:** Slowly generated, depending on population with max amount
> Military is used to expand into enemy tiles. Pay military instead of cash.

> **Happiness:** Happiness is a set percentage, depending on choices and different upgrades bought. <br>
> High happiness = Less cash, more population, cheaper enemy tiles <br>
> Low happiness = More cash, less population, more expensive enemy tiles

### Victory:

> If the player removes every enemy tile, they win. <br>

> The player loses if enemies overtake all player tiles, or player loses all population


# Actor table
// Insert stuff

# MuSCoW
## Must
> **Environment:** <br>
> An entire world map created for the player to see <br>
> Must have grass tiles. 
>
> 

> **Player** <br>
> Must be able to generate cash and buy adjacent tiles <br>
> Must be able to click on owned tiles to see future perks and upgrades

> **Enemy** <br>
> Must be able to 

## Should

## Could

## Would

# Class Diagram - PUML
